First Edits for Flow Action Tutorials (#1522)
onflow/docs: docs/blockchain-development-tutorials/forte/flow-actions/flow-actions-transaction.md

:::warning

We are reviewing and finalizing Flow Actions in [FLIP 339]. The specific implementation may change as a part of this process.

We will update these tutorials, but you may need to refactor your code if the implementation changes.

:::

## Overview

[Staking] is a simple way to participate in the blockchain process. You supply tokens to help with governance and, in return, you earn a share of the network's rewards. It's a way to grow unused assets and provides a much higher rate of return than a savings account. 

> :::important

Reviewer: We use the default admonitions under most circumstances:  https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions

Here should potentially be `danger` according to the style guide, but I made a judgment call that DYOR but staking isn't something to be afraid of more than other investments and went with `warning`

:::

To stake directly, lock up your tokens with [Flow Port]. You can also use other platforms and protocols that have a different strategy for participating in this process. [IncrementFi] offers a Liquid Staking Protocol (LSP) they describe as:

> LSP allows users to earn staking rewards without locking $flow tokens or running node softwares. Users can deposit $flow tokens and receive transferrable $stFlow tokens in return. Liquid staking combines the benefits of staking (earning rewards) and brings liquidity, as well as additional possibilities to increase your assets or hedge your positions by participating in Flow's DeFi ecosystem.

Staking requires you to regularly complete one or more transactions to claim your rewards and restake them to compound your earnings.

Flow Actions simplifies this task. It gives you a suite of blocks that, after instantiation, perform actions in the same way from one protocol to another.

In this tutorial, you'll learn how to build a transaction that simplifies restaking on [IncrementFi], and that you can adapt with different connectors to work on other protocols as well.

:::tip

> If you combine this transaction with [scheduled transactions], you can automate it completely.

Reviewer: Exclamation marks are allowed, but don't let us get out of control.  More than you'd allow in a traditional documentation, but not as much as is the current standard in email and text messages.

:::

## Learning Objectives

> After complyou completeeting this tutorial, you will be able to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete this tutorial, you will be able to:
```

## Cadence Programming Language

This tutorial assumes you have a modest knowledge of [Cadence]. If you don't, you can still follow along, but we recommend that you complete our series of [Cadence] tutorials. Most developers find it simpl than other blockchain languages and it's easy to pick up.

## Getting Started on Mainnet

This demo uses **mainnet** and a real DeFi protocol. Before you write any code, set up your staking position.

:::danger

> This tutorial uses a real protocol with real funds. Only work with funds your comfortable losing in the event of an error or mistake. Cadence is much safer than Solidity, but you must still work cautiously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses a real protocol with real funds. Only work with funds your comfortable losing in the event of an error or mistake. Cadence is much safer than Solidity, you can make a mistake and all investment involves risk.
```

The UserCertificate is a resource stored in your account's private storage that:

1. Proves your identity for IncrementFi staking operations.
2. Allows you to claim rewards from staking pools.

## Setting Up the Project

> To start, use the [Flow Actions Scaffold] repo as a template to create a new repository. Clone your new repository and open it in your editor.

Reviewer 2: The scaffold has all the contracts needed for the specific demo, but the defi actions CLI scaffold has different contracts. I will add a section to mention the usage of the CLI scaffold

)
```

> In case the reward token might not match the pool's token0, we check if we need to reverse the order to account for this mismatch. This helps us verify that the zapper can function properly.

Reviewer: It also feels a little unclear.  Can we add a little more to explain what's happening and why?

### Interpreting the Results

After you complete the transaction, you see that the following events occurred:

> - The rewards (stFLOW) were claimed from pool #199 and the reward balance has been updated properly.

Reviewer 2: Pool IDs increment with each epoch. Right now we are at 209. In the tutorial I show the pool ID used during the transaction to show where it is coming from, but maybe this is unclear and seems as if it needs to be 199. Potentially I could include a statement that PID will change with time.

- The stFLOW was converted to FLOW.
- FLOW and stFLOW was used to add liquidity to the liquidity pool.
- LP tokens were received.
- LP tokens were staked back into the #199 pool causing the staking balance to increase.

## Running the Transaction on Emulator

> You can run this whole flow on Emulator as well. It's recommended to do all the testing on Emulator. After cloning the [Flow Actions Scaffold] and installing the dependencies you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run this whole transaction on Emulator as well. Although this example used a real pool to demonstrate a real-world use case, we recommend you start any real projects by testing on the Emulator. After cloning the [Flow Actions Scaffold] and installing the dependencies you can run:
```
